and when you have a second later I want
to show you why we don't just trap
spiders under coffee mugs and leave them
there I'm not training to be better at a
job that I hate my life officially sucks
but rich wasn't supposed to be a
temporary thing I thought you wanted to
do fashion stuff well yeah I'm still
pursuing that how exactly are you
pursuing you know other than sending out
resumes like what two years ago well I'm
also sending out good thoughts if you
ask me as long as you got this job you
got nothing pushing you to get another
one
you need the fear the fear he's right if
you quit this job you then have
motivation to go after a job you really
want well then how come you're still at
a job that you hate I mean why don't you
quit and get the fear because I'm too
afraid I don't know I mean I would give
anything to work for a designer you know
or a buyer oh I just don't want to be 30
and still work here yeah that'd be much
worse than being 28 and still working
here Rachel yeah remind me to review
with you which pot is decaf and which is
regular can't I just look at the handles
on them you would think okay fine
Gunther you know what I am a terrible
waitress do you know why I'm a terrible
waitress because I don't care I don't
care I don't care which pot is regular
in which pot is decaf I don't care where
the tray spot is I just don't care this
is not what I want to do so I don't
think I should do it anymore
I'm gonna give you my weeks notice what
Gunther I quit
does this mean we're gonna have to start
paying for coffee hey how'd the
interview go
Oh blew it I wouldn't have even hired me
Oh sweetie listen you're gonna go on
like a thousand interviews before you
get a job that's not how that was
supposed to come menos is the worst
Christmas ever
you know what Rach maybe you should just
you know stay here at the coffee house I
can't it's too late Terry already hired
that girl over there look at her she's
even got waitress experience Oh last
night she was teaching everybody how to
make napkins and just that word was
swans
huh seeing that drunk Santa wet himself
really perked up my Christmas oh the
best it's like Night of the Living Dead
Christmas trees no no yeah this is she
huh
you're kidding you're kidding oh you I
love you sure everybody loves a kidder
god bless us everyone here we go
serving my last cup of coffee
there you go enjoy should I tell her
iota T no um excuse me everyone
uh this is my last night working here
and I just wanted to say that I made
some really good friends here and uh
it's just time to move on uh and no
offense to everybody who still works
here but you have no idea how good it
feels to say that as of this moment I
will never have to make coffee again
no mr. Caplan singer likes his coffee
strong so you lose two thirds
instead of one I'll pay attention cause
this parts tricky see some people use
filters just once